It's actually fine
Are you out of your mind?
This is 5 million not $500
Hmph, hit the swollen face and make the fat man
I don't think you even have 500 yuan in this card, right?
People who can't pay are not qualified to speak
Are you sure this card has 5 million
Have you 5 million you will know if you brush it?
Actually, don't make a fuss.
I don't want these clothes, you go
Hi, what's the hurry?
Since your husband is going to spend a lot of money on you
You should give him a chance to perform
Your husband wants to buy this dress professionally.
If you can't pay
But for those of us who have been delayed
Kneel down and apologize
Exactly.
You don't just have to kneel and apologize
And lick all the places you've stepped on
Don't go too far
What if I could afford it?
If you can afford it
I'm eating shit live on the spot now
Remember what you said and swipe
Is this machine broken?